this may be the most random place that
we have ever started a video don't ask
how we got here alright so we've been
gone for a month our first proper breaks
as we started yes theory three years ago
I took the time off to reflect on the
future of this channel and where we
wanted to go from here see our goal was
never to just build an audience but a
global community that interacts with the
yes theory beyond watching our videos
behind a screen which is why moving
forward we want to be doing the best we
can to provide tools and experiences
that will help you take more actions in
your daily lives and a part of that
involves making more content with you
guys rather than just for you guys which
brings us to today's adventure under
strange circumstances Matt and I had
ended up in the middle of nowhere
inside a broken Germany but
unfortunately we can't tell you why or
how we ended up there all we can tell
you is that we needed a way back across
Europe all the way to Budapest where we
were based over the summer we wanted to
get back in a way we had never done
before and then the idea came to us why
don't we go on an epic road trip across
Europe on the way back with yes theory
subscribers brilliant so here's how we
thought this would work and get three
different groups of subscribers over
three days to drive us 1,100 kilometers
across Europe one would take us from San
to Munich another from Munich to
Vienna and the last group from Vienna to
Budapest along the way we're try to stay
with subscribers from each city could be
open to hosting us for a night of our
journey but obviously for good reason
things did not entirely go according to
plan right we might have our first
subscriber willing to come pick us up so
this guy just message us saying I want
to drive in a tiny bit sexy Smart
forfour with me and a friend for those
four and a half hours from cyber to
continue Nick you might not be the most
comfortable but the baby's always down
for a good road trip
go dude we're gonna go meet up with the
first guy so random but but amazing you
always see these people like Nick with
you everyone we're like why don't we
live in America
you get students or yeah we're students
I am in college like an inroad but I'm
not gonna sit still so young like we're
both 19 I actually decided to go to
Australia at the end of the year and do
some work and travel for like a year
Wow how did I how did you end up in some
trickin man never never never ever I
would go to some fricking right
unfortunately it's just Thomas and I
story playing forever
man I just have to keep versus you know
so we're currently with our first two
places they could host all four of us
let us know and let's meet up
[Music]
hey guys
people answer tardy excellence again
there's one
sausage company if you want to go visit
your German sausage office and have
dinner on them yeah this really nice
girl and this up inside of a crash in
your house on the couch and on the floor
it's just gonna be a whole ya about to
go to the sausage start up everything
everything right here we are dressed get
two new coats - amazing German sausage
party these guys took us from subroutine
all the way here's what we want to have
a beer and then start like office tour
yeah hell yeah
remember Germany one eight four zero
seven one seven German sausages
[Music]
we're going to the girls house who is
hosting us she knows it's for dudes
showing up so she must be pretty chill
okay thank you so much they're smart he
might have to help them convince your
brother peer pressure's they down hello
it's gonna be extremely safe and nice
we're not I'm not trying too hard Martin
at all if it's not okay with you it's
totally fine
well I'm gonna have to deal with it
tomorrow right yeah
we're gonna break it down why are you I
don't know you forgot your toothbrush
you can sleep tight on the keys so
there's parently place in Munich
[Music]
all right you have to jump in on the
board
oh my job it's on your mind you gotta
stay positive
so your mind
you can stay positive
[Music]
Oh
the next destination is Jenna in Austria
and if any of you have a place for four
of us to crash at your house and stdm
right now and who knows and you will
meet up let's do it back in the car back
in the car I'll sign it man I'm so
excited it's a brush you do yeah 3:45
it's gonna take five hours to get that
hallway
[Music]
all right we found one of the most
beautiful lakes that we have ever seen
overlooking a massive mountain range so
we're gonna try and hop into the lake
get a little refresher before the rest
of our trip to Vienna it's not really a
path to get down to this lake so we're
just gonna wing it is out of a freaking
movie
[Music]
okay so just have to get Wi-Fi just to
see if anybody answered our message and
this guy it's 11:30 p.m. at night in
Vienna and there's a guy here to host
this
for me anyway I would do is for so long
I think they did something really legal
when it wasn't legal you know our host
antenna has taking us out to this
travelers bar
[Music]
oh my God look at our host too kind do
you actually sleeping here yeah I want
you to you guys to be comfortable so
you're the best thank you so much for
one evening tomorrow we explore the yet
okay so our host Bobby actually happens
to be one of the lead actors and most
famous play here in Austria so we're
gonna go see that
[Music]
I'm so excited for you guys to see me
play I'm gonna play two thousand percent
because you're in
[Applause]
you look like a different person
you like this so good you look amazing
we have three hours to Budapest I think
your guys's combination and our
combinations creates a late Ruiz always
late
yeah and I am kind of - like three days
ago I never thought that I was going to
road show anyone to Budapest Ferrara how
much did happen in those three days so
much just because you said yes to going
to Budapest that's great like it's the
little things guys probably the two
gentlemen who saved us from like 10 or
more days and if you're ever in a broken
again for whatever reason we will pick
you up
love you boys love you guys this is
worth it okay thank you guys may address
me how much this means to us getting
your perspective is so cool when you
guys were excited it made us even more
excited by the end you it was just like
brothers actually always hated road
trips I walk fast because I want to get
to places is the first time where I
enjoyed like the foal we were super late
all the time but I think that that was
the whole point in the trip I just did
whatever we wanted at the pace we wanted
to get to new you guys
thank you guys love you boys
[Music]
connecting with people that have been
watching our videos was one of the most
rewarding experiences we've ever had we
tend to forget that every number on the
screen is an actual human being with
their own lives and their own dreams but
we obviously cannot go on a road trip
with every single one of you who
subscribed to this channel so moving
forward we're hoping to find ways to
bring as many of you along in adventures
as we possibly can we hope you're ready
because our first challenge will come
out next week hi guys thank you so much
for watching this video I just want to
take a second to thank our sponsor
Skillshare Skillshare is a service where
you can learn new skills online such as
design marketing filmmaking or even
photography there's over 22,000 classes
from experts from around the world it's
Gil sure is a great place to get started
if you're trying to expand your skill
set or even learn and try something that
you've never done before so if you're
interested in learning a new skill click
the link below and the first 500 people
let's sign up are getting it the first
two months for free also if you've
signed up to this trial in the past or
plan on signing up to the service and
you don't want to keep using it after a
while make sure you cancel your
membership because it automatically
renews it for a year now if you want to
learn a new skill and be a part of the
first 500 people to get this service
entirely for free for two months make
sure you click the link below and we'll
see you next week